The President:
Hi, everybody.
This week, Congress finished
up some important work before
heading home for the holidays.
For the first time in years,
both parties came together
in the spirit of compromise to
pass a budget - one that helps
chart our economic course
for the next two years.
This budget will unwind some
of the damaging cuts that have
threatened students and seniors
and held back our businesses.
It clears the path for critical
investments in the things that
grow our economy and
strengthen our middle class,
like education and research.
And it will keep reducing our
deficits - at a time when we've
seen four years of the fastest
deficit reduction since the end
of World War II.
Members of Congress also
voted to finally allow several
dedicated and well-qualified
public servants to do their jobs
for the American people - many
of whom waited months for
a simple yes-or-no vote.
These are judges, cabinet
secretaries
and military leaders.
They're men and women charged
with growing our economy,
keeping our homeland secure, and
making sure our housing system
and financial system work
for ordinary Americans.
So after a year of showdowns and
obstruction that only held back
our economy, we've been able to
break the logjam a bit over
the last few weeks.
It's a hopeful sign that we can
end the cycle of short-sighted,
crisis-driven decision-making
and actually work together
to get things done.
And that's important.
Because there's
plenty of work to do.
Right now, because Congress
failed to act before leaving
on vacation, more than one
million Americans are poised
to lose a vital source of income
just a few days after Christmas.
For many people who are
still looking for work,
unemployment insurance is a
lifeline that can make
the difference between temporary
hardship or lasting catastrophe.
Instead of punishing these
families who can least afford it
- especially now - Congress
should first restore that
lifeline immediately, then put
their entire focus on creating
more good jobs that
pay good wages.
That's what I'll be
focused on next year,
and every day I have the
privilege
of being your President.
Growing the economy.
Expanding opportunity.
Building an America that offers
everyone who works hard the
chance to get ahead, and every
child a fair shot at success.
And if Congress continues to
act in the spirit of cooperation
we've seen in recent weeks, I'm
confident we can make much more
progress together
in the year to come.
Thanks.
And have a great weekend and
a very Merry Christmas.